OSSM-3251: Add cluster-wide deployment to Service Mesh docs (#58539)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-about-adding-projects-using-label-selectors.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * service_mesh/v2x/create-mesh.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="ossm-about-adding-projects-using-label-selectors_{context}"]
= About adding projects using label selectors

> For cluster-wide deployments, you can use label selectors to add projects to the mesh. Label selectors specified in the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource enable the {SMProductShortName} operator to add or remove namespaces to or from the mesh based on namespace labels. Unlike other standard OpenShift resources that allow you to specify a single label selector, the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource allows you to specify multiple label selectors. If the labels for a namespace match any of the selectors specified in the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource, then the namespace is included in the mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cluster-wide deployments, you can use label selectors to add projects to the mesh. Label selectors specified in the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource enable the {SMProductShortName} operator to add or remove namespaces to or from the mesh based on namespace labels. Unlike other standard {product-title} resources that you can use to specify a single label selector, you can use the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource to specify multiple label selectors. If the labels for a namespace match any of the selectors specified in the `ServiceMeshMemberRoll` resource, then the namespace is included in the mesh.
```
- Replace OpenShift with an attribute.
- Per ISG, avoid anthropomorphisms like "allow" and "enable" for inanimate objects: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism

Author: Done

[NOTE]
====

> In {product-title}, a project is essentially a Kubernetes namespace with additional annotations, such as the range of user IDs that can be used in the project. Typically, the {product-title} web console uses the term project, and the CLI uses the term namespace, but the terms are essentially synonymous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title}, a project is identical to a Kubernetes namespace, except with additional annotations, such as the range of user IDs that can be used in the project. Typically, the {product-title} web console uses the term _project_, and the CLI uses the term _namespace_, but the terms are synonymous.
```
- Consider rewording to emphasize that it's a k8s namespace, but with some added characteristics. Your call.
- Per ISG, italicize "Words that are identified as words: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-highlighting
- Remove "essentially"; they are either the same or not. If they're not, then tell us what's different.
